Add swift+linux deprecation (#2403)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - _Deprecation:_ Swift analysis on Ubuntu runner images is no longer supported. Please migrate to a macOS runner if this affects you.

Reviewer: Do we want a link to this PR for consistency?

Author: Now that we have a PR, I will add it.

> - _Deprecation:_ Analyzing databases on Swift support on Ubuntu runner images is no longer supported. Please migrate to a MacOS runner if this affects you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- _Deprecation:_ Swift analysis on Ubuntu runner images is no longer supported. Please migrate to a macOS runner if this affects you.
```

Author: Hmm...my sentence didn't even make sense. 😨 This is much better.

> - _Deprecation:_ Analyzing databases on Swift support on Ubuntu runner images is no longer supported. Please migrate to a MacOS runner if this affects you.

Reviewer 2: Can we get the Action to produce a deprecation warning if it detects the combination of Swift and Linux?

Author: Yes. @angelapwen will work on that.

Reviewer: I've added the warning in #2399.
